i suffer from a rare form of dissociative amnesia that has destroyed my life. due to its severity it constitutes a disabling condition, which prevents me from maintaining work. you can imagine all of the problems that not being able to earn steady income creates

 have no contact with any living family member


i have a mountain of student loan debt i won't pay off in 100 years

my dissociative amnesia can barely be diagnosed let alone treated

i've been homeless twice. i've admitted myself to ERs at least a dozen times for ideations of suicide

i've been fired from every job i've ever held do to my incessant dissociations

i've spent about half of my life living alone, in poverty, as a pariah

i have adhd and require stimulant medication, but i developed a tolerance to it and eventually became addicted to it. this reeked havoc in my life for a decade

i have almost no self-regulation or self-control. for me to function i simply have to have certain rights taken away

i dissociate 1500 to 3000 times per day. as a result i'm in a perpetual state of confusion and anxiety.

i cannot own possessions without losing them. in the past 6 weeks i have lost 4 usb cables, a phone batter charger, two bags of walmart groceries, and 5 gloves--one at a time

over the past month i appear to be developing depersonalization symptoms. i have no willpower; instead, something else does, and all i can do is watch it

i think of suicide the same way the people that jumped of the world trade center on 911 did

i know that i will be fired from my next job. it will happen thusly: people will find me odd, which will irritate them. someone will attempt to pray on me. i will confront them. this wont look good. i will forget to clock in. i will forget things and misunderstand instructions. eventually they will find a reason to fire me

i know that at any given moment any item of value that i have on my person is liable to simply vanish--a wallet, a backpack, a phone, a glove, whatever.

not only will i suffer these consquences from dissociating, i will also sometimes get in trouble for dissociating and doing something i'm not supposed to be doing, involuntarily. when i try to explain that i dissociate, i will be seen as lazy, a liar, a manipulator

i am on parole, and the terms of my parole require me to stabilize (financially). i cannot stabilize; i have a disabling condition that prevents me from holding jobs. they will only accept that i have a disabling condition when i win a social security disability claim. until then, there is nothing protecting me from adult probation and parole.

i've applied for disability insurance twice and lost both times. i have a third claim open, but it looks like i will be denied again, or it will take more time than i have.

in order to avoid ending up homeless and violating my parole--and doing a year in prison this time--i must stay in fortitude. this will prevent me from becoming homeless.

if i lose my current disability claim, i might lose my will to live.

one final comment: i am in an impossible situation. i cannot comply with the terms of my parole and they won't accept that i have a disabling condition. therefore, i have to continue to get jobs, knowing i will be fired from them, and knowing that it will be emotionally devastating to me; so devastating that it might drive me to kill myself. they don't care.


the new problem i have with my impaired willpower is the final straw. if i lose my willpower, then i will truly have lost everything. this appears to be the case currently

my mind is divided into the observer (me) and the actor. i have decided that there are many things i want to do and need to do, and i choose to do them, but something else--the actor--appears to be controlling my body. i am not in control; it is

the dissociations explain everything, and they are involuntary, and untreatable

i believe that dissociative disorders might not be rare. they are just so disabling that they inhibit the very process of receiving treatment. if you can't make your appointment, then you can't get treated

