The primary thing that I want to call the majority of my attention to is what my team and I have referred to as a Micro dissociation, which is an involuntary, random phenomenon by which my conscious awareness shuts off and my mind enters a sort of daydreaming state.
I will refer to a micro dissociation as an MD. After I regain conscious awareness and an MD ends, I am in a sort of dazed, confused state, where I do not remember exactly what I was doing. I have done a couple of experiments and have attempted to determine the frequency of my MDS, and it appears that I have one roughly every 15 seconds. This is a net 1500 to 3000 MDs per day.
my entire life people have tried to prescribe the solution of utilizing some kind of reminder. However, if a alarm or reminder goes off, and I become aware of the situation, and then one second later I dissociate and then return into a state where I can’t remember what I just did, then the reminder system can’t work. If it did work, then I wouldn’t have dissociative micro amnesia. Stop and try to understand this.
when I lived in San Diego back in 2002, I had a roommate that was concerned that a rapist would come into our apartment at night and rape her if the door was left unlocked. I failed to remember to lock it so many times that she put a dozen signs on the walls throughout the apartment, and I did not see or recognize any of them ever in several weeks. Eventually she kicked me out. This means that every time I should have seen a sign I didn’t because I was lost in a MD
I worked at a resort cleaning apartments back in 2015, and there was an incident where I sat on a four wheeler looked behind me, saw a BMW SUV, turn my head back around, placed the four wheeler in reverse, and then backed into the SUV, doing $1500 worth of damage. Again, understand that unending disruptions preclude any kind of solution that requires me to not dissociate
there is a significant social consequence to constant MDS. It is an extremely odd thing to witness, a man constantly freezing, looking confused and dazed, and constantly forgetting every single thing. What’s more, he speaks valuably and intelligently, so it is difficult to reconcile such an odd behavior or symptom with what appears to be an intelligent man. normal people like this almost never believe that this is a genuine symptom of a mental health.
 disorder. Consequently, I am laughed at, locked, harassed, and sometimes even bullied.
this creates significant anxiety for me. I also have social anxiety disorder, which means that I am prone to severe anxiety attacks in social situations. All I want at work is to do my job and not draw attention to myself, but this is never what happens. Because my MDs are impossible to not notice, and impossible to not laugh at nor take advantage of. This has driven me to spend my entire life in isolation. Isolation is as harmful to your health as smoking. 
One consequence of this is that in my entire life I have only had two relationships. I have against my own desires given up on the prospect of finding any woman who would love me. This has caused me inevitable, irreparable emotional harm. For me, every group of people that I meet, they are potential predators that will somehow harm me. For me The derision and harassment and exploitation never end. Hopefully you can see how an MD could lose me every job.
it took me five years to earn my degree in software engineering, and then it took 14 months for me to lose my career. Thereafter I have lost every job I have ever had, I have become mutually estranged with every living relative, I have had virtually no friends, and my last two attempts to receive SSI have failed. It is truly difficult to grasp the concept of not being able to earn money. It devastates every aspect Of your life.
I have not even begun to scratch the surface of the array of multifaceted problems that plague me every minute of every day. I have not elaborated on how I became addicted to my ADHD stimulant medication, the trauma of an unsuccessful year in the Marine Corps, The rage and the hate and the contempt I have felt For human beings for how have treated me my whole life.
I applied for Social Security disability twice and twice I was denied because I have a degree, and therefore I must be competent enough to hold even basic jobs. The last ALJ said he was not convinced that I am disabled because I must be able to put a ball in a box. I told him that it isn’t an inability to put a ball in a box that gets me fired. It is getting lost on the bus, forgetting to punch my time card, and never understanding anything or remembering anything ever.
after my second claim was denied I decided to blow my head off with my mother‘s shotgun. Out of shame I do not want to go into detail about how in my drunken state I was unable to successfully kill myself and the situation unfolded in a way that I was charged with attempted aggravated kidnapping and sentenced to 43 months in prison. I was also placed on the sex offender registry for a decade.
due to time constraints I am having to omit so, so much detail. Fast forward to when I was parole. I worked at a call center for four months and was eventually Fired primarily due to the stress I created for management as a result of constantly forgetting to punch my time card, and being a more or less constant management problem due to my absentmindedness and apparently bad memory.
while being unemployed I submitted to the fact that I would not be able to maintain conventional work, therefore, I would have to find a way to make money via entrepreneurship. I attempted video production, website development, and an Amazon FPA private label, and all of these endeavors crashed and burned. The Amazon FPA thing failed and this resulted in me becoming homeless.
I was unable to remain in the homeless shelter because I was unable to remember to report to a storage container containing all of my property. If you do not remember to show up, they will destroy your property. They destroyed a backpack containing all of my electronics first. Then they destroyed a duffel bag that contained all of my clothing, resolving in me having to beg for clothing from an ex landlord. Finally they destroyed my CPAP. All of this stress resulted in me getting into shouting arguments with the staff, and I eventually had to leave
my psychopathic ex landlord agreed to let me live in a filthy storage shed without running water. During this time I was building software for him using the python programming language. Every once in a while he would give me $20-$40. I had to do favors for a psychopathic friend in exchange for the use of his shower about one or two times per week. My psychopathic ex landlord noticed how filthy I was but would not propound any kind of solution, but instead would sort of treat me like I was a disgusting piece of shit.
while living in the storage shed I texted my parole officer a half dozen times over six weeks, and he did not respond. Then one day he found me on the street and arrested me for not contacting him by walking into the office. I was then sent back to prison for another five months where I received no help was cut off half of my medication and did not receive a CPAP. I was also sexually assaulted by a guard
when I was released on parole, my ex landlord got me out of the halfway house right away and then allowed me to live in three different apartments, shuffling me between them in order to hide this from the owner. While I was in prison before he had promised that there was a project we could do that would result in me having a job. After I completed the job, I was then violated again and sent back to prison for not wearing an ankle monitor that I was not even supposed to be wearing.
I was then sentenced to another eight months in prison, where I was assaulted by an inmate for not giving him all of my medication every day. After I was released I discovered that my ex landlord had either lost or stolen my laptop and my cell phone. As a result I was locked out of my Google account that had my YouTube channel with 100 videos and documents I had saved for 12 years.
during all of the time that I was on parole I was constantly reading books, studying new technologies, trying to start businesses, and was even awarded a $3000 grant that I then used with my Amazon FKA failed endeavor. The stress was so severe during these times that I admitted myself to the emergency room at McKay0Dee hospital seven times. The last time that I tried to admit myself I was in such a enraged and anxious state that they wouldn’t even admit me.
I am on my third parole and living in the Fortitude halfway house. I tried for five months unsuccessfully to start a career or side job writing software development articles. I wrote five fantastic articles and submitted them to every website that would allow it and only was accepted by one site that then rejected my article because they claimed that they already had articles on that topic, which they did not. I have lived in Fortitude for a year and I know that if I save up enough money and leave the Center, I will end up homeless and then will be sent back to prison for a year.
I know that I will die before I go back to prison. The streets are flooded with fentanyl, and if I end up homeless again I...don't know what i will do. this disability claim is the only thing that will save my life. I have agonized for an entire year about losing this claim and then ending up with such a terrible fate. Over the past two months I have suffered nearly constant episodes of intense, crippling depression. My primary concern has been that if I absconded and then try to kill myself, I might fail and then be sent back to prison before I can die.
I am absolutely on my own in this nightmare. I have no reason to believe that things will ever stop getting worse. My depression is so severe that I feel as though I have lost complete control over my willpower. I constantly make self-destructive decisions knowing that I will suffer for it and not being able to stop myself. My acute depression compels me to breakdown, almost every day, and weep, sometimes in public. I don’t know how much longer I can tolerate this.
I can only reason that I live in a type of karmic hell, where in I am paying for some terrible thing that I did in a previous lifetime. All of this trauma has broken my back. I have no will to live. I am already dead. I died a long time ago. When I lost my software career. Now it is up to you to decide if my dissociative micro amnesia constitutes a disability. 
and this marks the end of my statement I will make to the disability interview people. I will tell them that I will not be able to deliver this statement vocally because I will breakdown down every 30 seconds. Therefore I have made a recording that I will Play for you instead.