my dissociative amnesia, adhd, and social anxiety were salient even to me that by the time i graduated from high school, i knew something was seriously wrong and my life wasn't going to be easy. i worked a couple retail jobs while attending college part time, and i was treated poorly by my co-workers because of my blackouts (dissociative episodes). so badly that i vowed to focus 100 percent on college and become the best software engineer i could be (continued)

i told the universe, hell, whatever the fuck it was that, "you can take anything you want, just don't take my career." if i couldn't have a neurotypical, normal life with a loving relationship, then i would want a career instead. i derive much of my self-worth from my accomplishments. in college i was failing trigonometry for the second time and about to give up when i was diagnosed with adhd and put on Adderall. this radically transformed my whole life. suddenly i could focus and study and learn. this impelled me to isolating and working on my software studies (continuing)

the problem was i grew tolerant to the adderall and require my doctor to prescribe higher and higher dosages. when that didn't work, he tried switching me to different stimulants. We tried all of them, but the tolerance problem persisted. nevertheless, it worked enough to get me through college with a B.S. in software engineering technology. however, it detrimentally affected my social skills by making me selfish, mean, preoccupied, and completely uninterested in people, and this marked the beginning of a pattern of isolation that i struggle with to this day (continuing)

not only did i stop being social all together, the adderall began to create in me a hatred for people in general, and women and my mother in particular. adderall has this terrible side-effect. it birthed in me the hater. during college i ceased to be friends with all the ones i came into college with, some of whom i attended high school with, and absolutely destroyed my relationship with my mother. i recognized that adderall had this problem and resolved to never take it again after i graduated college. i would have the necessary training so i wouldn't need it. (continuing)

after i graduated and started working at qualcomm, everything started out smoothly. i worked out, got in great shape, and met my first gf. we constantly had unprotected sex, all over the place: in my car, a movie theater, my boss's desk, a beach, and in a dressing room at ross. my relationships with my co-workers were great too. i loved qualcomm. i really had it made. (continuing)

one day my boss, mike lockerman, gave me and a co-worker woman named Melissa Lang a very difficult assignment. she and i struggled for a week but we simply couldnt solve the problem. like i used to do in college, i immured myself in a room and tried to work out a solution with paper and pencil. then something terrible happened. try though i did, i couldn't solve the problem. i didnt have the necessary adderall focus power to do it. this was the point in time where i should have faced the reality staring me in the face: i can't do the work. (continuing) 

this was when i made the fateful decision to get back on adderall. as soon as i did and started working the next day, i was able to solve our software problem in 30 minutes while talking to my gf on the phone. i was on fire for about a month. but the adderall took me too far. one day, mike asked me to write some perl unit tests. i decided to write them AND a UI to run them from. when mike saw this, it infuriated him. even before taking adderall again, i did some things that pissed him off. he noticed me leave work early a couple of times so that i could fuck my gf (continuing)

also, i had the bad habit of arguing with him during code reviews--a very, very stupid thing to do, i realize in hindsite. after started taking adderall, my personaly changed and i started behaving in a way that was off-putting; i think this bugged him too. the unit tests thing must have been the final straw because one day he came into my office and told me they wouldnt be extending my contract at qualcomm. he fired me in other words. (continuing)

worse still somewhere during this time i made the fateful decision to pull an all-nighter, an adderall binge. i didn't realize it, but this was the exact point when my software career ended, the exact point when i truly became a drug addict. after qualcomm i got a job at capital one auto finance. during this time i was prescribed 120mg of addeall per day and was running out almost two weeks early, so i started my glorious career doctor shopping. (continuing)

i was working 2-3 days without sleep, doing actual capital one work and my own independent nonsense software studies. i would show up to work so sleep deprived i could barely manage talking to my co-workers and boss. after five nightmarish weeks they fired me. when my boss told me i wasn't working there any more, i broke down and started crying--a common side-effect of amphetamine abuse and sleep deprivation. next i tried to work at nortel. they fired me for the same thing about two weeks in. (continuing)