When I was growing up I had a best friend named Donald who was a little bit on the slow side, but I liked him nevertheless. Unfortunately, me and some of my other friends took to abusing him because it was easy. He didn't retaliate. We thought it was funny to slap him in the face. 
One time in high school I tried to shoot him in the leg with a homemade blowgun dart it had an actual wire nail tip. I missed.
(continued 1/4)
Me and my brother used to prank call his parents and then record the conversations. Then I would take my tape recorder to school and play it to my friends who thought it was hilarious. During one phone call Donald made the terrible mistake of singing a ridiculous sounding song, which obviously we recorded. We were pretty young at this time, I think in the 6th or 7th grade.
(continued 2/4)
When we were seniors in high school, I had a friend named Kevin who is senior project was broadcasting a small 2-minute video to the entire school every morning. I thought it would be funny to play the audio clip of Donald singing the ridiculous song in the background of one of these broadcasts. Somehow, Donald found out or suspected something was going to happen, and right before the morning broadcast started it was dead silent in the classroom. When the broadcast started and Donald started singing everyone burst out laughing except for Donald. 
(continued 3/4)
Donald has made no effort to reach out to me since high school, even though we were best friends starting in the first grade. As I think back about all of this horrible s*** that I did to him, I feel so much guilt, and I know I can never undo this. I'm sure that he will suffer with all of these horrible memories until the day he dies, and it's all because of me and my cruelty.
(continued 4/4)


i had another friend named gerald. he was a very obese boy. i felt bad for him because he was an outcast like donald. we spent a lot of time together growing up. unlike with donald, i didn't pick on gerald. we had one or two problems, but beyond that, we got along. until high school.
(continued 1/3)
i had a popular native american friend named brandon. gerald and brandon never got along. one day in high school they had a disagreement. well, gerald told me some stuff about brandon, and then i told brandon what he said. then brandon told me to give gerald a message, which was a threat basically. when  told gerald the threat, he basically said he could beat brandon up.
(continued 2/3)
after school brandon and about ten other preppies intercepted gerald when he left school and was walking home. brandon busted gerald in the mouth, and gerald went running back into the building. like a little bitch. ever since this, gerald blames me and has never forgiven me.
(finished 3/3)


i've always had an explosive temper. growing up i slowly developed anger and hatred for my life and everyone in it. at some point i lost my temper and then took it out on our german sheppard, barney. i hit him repeatedly with closed fists. the animal's vulnerablity activated some kind of primal rage inside of me. as i hit him, i wasnt human. there was no thought, only unbridled rage and hate. i knew it wasnt barney's fault. he was an innocent, beautiful dog. i dont understand why this happened, why i did this.
(continuing)
what's worse, this was just the first pet i did this to. as far as i can remember, i have done this to every pet within my reach. there was only one animal, a stray cat i briefly took in, that i didnt abuse like this. i have recognized this terrible, terrible part of myself, and even though i love animals to my core, i can never have one of my own, because i cant allow anything like that happen to another animal. this is the worst thing(s) i have ever done. i feel so much shame for this. this is such a horrible, toxic part of me. i am so, so sorry


as i write this a shocking and horrific memory arises in my mind, sending a shockwave of shame through me. when i was twelve or so, my parents let me buy two pet rats. they were fun in the beginning, but over time they did things that really irritated me. they shit constantly, everywhere, and they had claws; so if you let one climb on you it would stab you with its claws. (continuing)
anyway, one day it did something that activated my primal rage. i seized the white rat and proceeded to slap the top of its head maybe a dozen times. then i put it back in the cage. shortly there after my sister called out and said something was wrong with the rat. upon observation it appeared the eyes were starting to bleed and it wasn't moving very much. my dad said it wasn't going to survive and took it outside and euthanized it by breaking its neck. (continuing)
they knew that i basically beat it to death, but nothing was ever done. i cried about it, and my mother tried to pacify me, but that doesn't seem right. that should have alerted them. this memory horrifies me to me soul. as i sit and confront this memory, even i am starting to view myself in a different light


About My Sexuality
i hated women from almost the moment i was born. my narcissistic, selfish mother abused me physically and verbally. she was truly a hateful woman. this was the first woman in my life. then, i had a disgusting shithead of a female babysitter--donald's mom. she was a gross, fat, idiot who could never stop yelling, bitching, and swearing. she wore on me. i got her back though; i recorded her temper tantrums and played them to my friends at school.
(continuing)
from that point forward, i seemed to just hate girls and women for no apparent reason. in the first grade while i was at skate land, a little mexican girl--that i had actually previously had a crush on--and i had an "argument". it wasnt really an argument; it's how girls flirt, i just didnt know it. anyway, about 10 minutes after that argument, she returned and asked me to skate with her on the couple's skate. enraged, i said, "fuck no i dont want to fucking skate with you! are you stupid?" i was furious at her inconsistent behavior (i didnt know she was flirting earlier)
(continuing)
from grades 1-12 i treated women cruely and dismissively, especially the ones who showed any interest in me. i lashed out at them. how dare they bring me that bullshit! i never asked a girl out, never went to a ball game, nor a dance or any other extra curricular activity. fuck those mother fuckers! the problem is that i secretely battled accute crushes with girls all through school, sometimes even female teachers in high school. this made me hate them more. how dare they put me through this! fucking whores!
(continuing)
even as i write this, i can feel the mysogynistic hate inside of me. if someone asked me to tell them why i hated women, i wouldnt have been able to give a good answer. i found them extremely irritating--their nature, the fact that i was so attracted to them. that hate is a monster inside of me, and it made me pay an entire lifetime of a sexless, loveless life. it hasnt been until about the past year that i have begun renouncing this hatred. but it's still inside of me. it makes me weep when i think about it.
(continuing)
i didnt know until i was 22 or so that i read a book called love shyness by brian gilmartin. love shyness is a severe form of anxiety that i experience whenever i try to ask a woman out. it is a crippling fear that is so intense that the woman immeditaly senses it and it creeps her the fuck out, thereby killing the attempt in its crib. even when i tried pursuing women very briefly in college, my love shyness made me crash and burn. it was traumatizing, truly. and it made me hate women even more.
(continuing)
this made it easier years later, right after i lost my software career and returned to oregon to live with my mother, to crack out on adderall (addy) and start binge playing world of warcraft. fuck everything and everyone! fuck all of you! and fuck women! i have found my true love: adderall + world of warcraft (aka wow). i drifted in and out of this addiction from 2008 to 2015 during which i hated and avoided women. even after 2015, until about a year ago, any time i interacted with women my communication was laced with hatred and contempt. i wanted them to know i hated them. (continuing)
